 Okay, good morning. We are going through the process or my process of creating an order and quoting it. So we're going to use this email, for example, that came in from Naya Rodriguez. I am requesting a quote for a survey on the following property. And so we would get the address. Normally, I am not the one importing or creating the orders. So then if it's a new client, we would have to register the individual, put their first, last name at the address of either their business or their residence where we will be mailing the survey to email address, phone number, whether they're using land tech or not, and if they want. Then you add standard pricing here. If that is even our standard pricing. Normally, it's not. But so someone created a work order of a job order for them. This was not me. I did not create the job number of the work order. Okay, so 15824. Okay, so then this I guess would be an example for something else. But if we put 15824 here, someone asked for it, and this is what they were asking for. State weather fill will be this is all everything that they were asking for. And this seems like they're needing a drainage plan, showing the proposed drainage. We currently do not offer engineering services. This is would be for a civil engineer. So we informed Naya that we would be unable to assist her in completing the full scope of work that she will be requiring. And so we had to respond back to her, letting them know that unfortunately, this is out of our scope. And this would be something for an engineer. So then let's try to find another try to find another live quote here. Okay, this is one that came in on Saturday at 1am. So we can create this. So this is a existing client that they use us a lot gene Casio casc, Casio. So I would look up, then I would look up gene. Right. Type in gene. See if it comes up. Okay, so you recognize the last thing. So these people already have a profile, you can see they have 82 orders with us. And so they want a quote for a property here. So what I would do is I would log in as them. This is into their portal, what they see when they log in. I will put request, request a quote. And then I would grab the address 3721, North East 30th, White House Point. And they are a title company. So this is going to be a title. This is going to be for closing. And put here boundary survey for closing. They also have the ability to do this themselves on their portal. But right. So then I would go here. If I go to track flow, and I go to quote, I should see the order pop up. There, right here. See that it's missing an invoice or an easy invoice. So I'm going to open this. Okay, now I know I'm quoting this. If I go to their sales profile, since these are people that so I look first, okay, I see we charge from 400 to 700 700 they didn't they canceled. And 700 they canceled 475 was the last one, they approved it. 675. So we have kind of a range here, which mostly it's 400. So let's look at the project. This first survey. And I like to look at the map. See what the area looks like. Okay, we see this just residences. This is going to be a lot in block planted. Right house. There's a pool and a seawall. These are all extra details that we're going to have to reflect. I like to only appraise their site, which is not working. I like to go in the county appraiser site. West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County property appraiser. And then I grab this, take the address. Let's look for it. This is even in Palm Beach. Broward County, Broward County property appraiser. Now we're going to look at property search, address. It's 3721 northeast. Oh, I like to look at the GIS maps. This is platted. Right. It's going to be in terms of establishing boundaries should be easy. Just has a little bit of details. Since we're establishing, since we have kind of pricing with this client. What I would do is I would generate invoice, let's say boundary survey, I would charge in 450 for the survey. Right. And then deliver. And you need this by the second. They want that by June 2nd. Okay, cool. So that was a quote. That was one quote. We can go through another one. We did that quote, which is good. Okay, we can go to quote status here. A lot of times I look through here, like this one's missing. This one doesn't have a quote. Right. I go to quote status. This symbol means we haven't quoted it yet. Let's see. This could be something that we didn't want to do. Oh, and I don't think we agreed to this because they needed the crew out there on Saturday. And I remember this is a phone call that we had with this client that they're having issue with the neighbor and they wanted to be secretive about us going out there. And so it just seemed like a weird. So we didn't quote it seemed weird. Well, seems like everything is being quoted. I'm going to run through one, let's just say, Martin paving. So most of the time when I'm quoting, they'll come into the chat by summit. If he doesn't know how to quote it or how much to if he doesn't know how to quote it, he'll put a let's see, he'll put he'll put it in blue. Most of the time or in voicing. It's mostly our jobs are in blue, in voicing or through the blue, in voicing or yellow, in voicing. And you see here, he if he doesn't know to quote it, he'll put it here with the price he thinks. So then either myself or Alan or Mark will open the job will look at it. And summit suggested 900. The first thing I do is see, okay, is this a one off? And it is. No, they ordered one survey previously. It was in April. So now look and see what they need. Code for a survey. I look at the notes. This looks like it was a prior survey for Clyde. I do take that into account when quoting. Sometimes I'll give people a little cheaper of a price estimate just because it seems to settle them down. A lot of times they have a hard time understanding why they need a full-time survey. Full-survey redone anyways. So I'll be a little more lenient. You can see this bounce to right of ways. It has a little canal in the back. We have a main house and a couple, you know, additional structures. So all that needs to be reflected and we have kind of the sidewalk here. And so just a normal survey here. I think 900 is probably top dollar for this one. Truthfully, I think we could have gotten away with maybe 750 to 800. But we sent over 900 for that. I think it's okay. I think that's us charging pretty good on this one. You can see that this is plated. All the lots are pretty much the same. And this is in West Palm Beach. So we have a lot of crews available in West Palm Beach. And we should be able to tackle this one. Schedule it pretty quickly and get it done pretty quickly. So yeah, we charged 900 on this. Most of the time we're just looking at features, area, if we've done work with that client in the past and then what's the scope. This looks like it's just a survey. They need an updated survey. Okay, and I'm pausing the recording.